# User Personas

**Brandon, gamer that works from home**

Brandon, age 24 works a sales position for a payroll company. He used to work in the office but when the pandemic happened he had to work from home. In his spare time he loves to play video games. Brandon would rather play video games and talk with his friends on discord then make endless cold call after cold call for work. Brandon has been able to be productive at work while still playing a lot of video games daily.

He found himself getting very bored of all the video games that he was playing. He wishes there was an easy way for him and his discord friends to play quick simple games that are fun to pass the time. He is looking for games with low learning curves so his friend will be more tempted to play with him. Brandon and his friends already all use discord to connect so it would be very convenient if there was a way to play games through discord. This would allow him an easy outlet to pass the time when he gets bored.

**Corey, a Human Resources Department Manager**
Corey is a 35 year old Human Resources Manager for a technology department at a large corporation. He was just assigned to a team of 20 individuals that all work a variety of roles within the department. Some of the people who work in his department work from home and others may not interact much due to their work not needing the communication. Corey would like to get the whole team together to help cultivate a more cohesive and communicative team. Unfortunately, he faces too many limitations to make that happen in person. He believes that he found the right platform to allow for communication and comeraderie in the GameMaster bot on Discord. He can create a private server for his team and they can all get to know each other better through playing games without too much effort.

**Theodore, a kind-hearted dentist who wants to spend time with his grandchildren**
Theodore, or "Ted" for short, is an 87 year old grandfather of 5 who watns to spend more time with his grandchildren, who live throughout the United States. He heard them discussing Discord prior as a way to keep in touch, and successfully created his own server he can use to keep in touch which all of his grandchildren at once. A huge fan of quick and easy games to play, such as Tic Tac Toe, Ted downloaded GameMaster to join his server so he can have quick and easy games to play with his grandchildren whenever they all have time in their busy schedule. This way they can always be in touch even outside of major holidays.